Now we are going to send a request to back and.
And it may be a bit of complicated to start with the test code for this one.
So let's make things a bit easier at this step and let's practice what we are going to implement first.
So in this signup form, we will get all the values from these inputs.
Then after clicking the button, we will send that request to back end.
So we will do the same implementation we have done so far for the password and password.
Repeat, we will do the same thing for the username and email.
So let's open the signup compound, HTML and signup component to us.
So this approach is almost similar to what we would do in react view or svelte.
But later we will see how we can do this in angular way.
But let's not focus to that part.
Let's just focus to what we are doing at the moment, what's the requirement?
So we are going to have event listeners for username.
Email.
And we already have.
Password and password.
Just copying this one.
And pasting here.
This is for.
Username.
And we will update the username property.
And this is for email and we will update the email property, by the way.
I keep making this mistake.
It must be semicolon, not comma.
And in the template we will add the event listeners for these inputs.
So input and this is going to be calling on change username and we pass the event to it.
Then we will have same thing for the email input and we will call on change email.
So with this way, we will be able to take all the values in these inputs and keep in the corresponding
properties in the component.
And we are going to click this button and after that we are going to send a request to back and having
this information.
So just like reacting to the input events, we can listen the.
Click.
Events being triggered in the button.
And let's say at the moment we don't have what let's say this is going to be handled in on a click sign
up function and let's create that function.
So here adding on click sign up.
And in this one, we can just look that this is working like this, let's say clicked.
Let's have all these changes and opening the console of the browser.
Let's switch the console.
And if I type the same thing for the password and password, repeat.
And if I click the sign up here we can see this console log is printed.
So let's go back to the code.
Now we are going to send the request to vacant and we need an HTP client for it.
Again, Angular comes with a client, but other than that one there is a built in client in all browsers.
It is fetch and let's use it.
So we are going to call fetch.
And we are going to send the request to this endpoint API one zero users.
And the request data is.
Like the method is going to be post.
Then the body of our request is going to be we will be sending the username, email and password.
We are not going to send the password to repeat.
So we are going to create an object of username taking the value of this username, password, this
password and email.
This email.
By the way, we need to set a string for the value value for the body and we can convert this object
to a string via json string ify and wrapping this one.
With.
Like this.
And let's at the Heather's.
We specifically tell that this is content type of this request is
application JSON.
By the way, we need to add a comma here.
So that's it.
Let's save this one and let's open the console once again.
Let's switch to the network tab.
We will see an outgoing request.
So clearing the existing locks, then let's say this is A, this is B, this is C and repeating the
password clicking sign up.
And here we are seeing the request.
And in the payload section we see the, the values we entered.
And at the moment this is failing with 404.
But let's not focus to that part.
We will interact with our back end later.
Now our form is working.
But let's wrap all this form with the form element.
So just wrapping the label to the button with the form.
And let's move this into a form like this.
So with this way we can use our keyboard to submit the request.
We don't have to use our mouse to click to the signup.
So we are submitting the form and we are using this form element functionality.
So let's try this one.
So here, let's make sure you hit this preserve log for this case because we will see a behavior in
this test like here, let's fill the form.
A, b, c, c.
Now instead of clicking to the signup, I'm just hitting enter.
Now here we see the request is sent, but also we see these files to be fetched once again because the
the page is reloaded actually and this is occurring because browser is detecting.
There is this form submission and it is processing this event and in the end it is closing this page
reload.
But we don't need browser to handle this event.
We are already taking all the necessary actions in our.
Event handler right here.
So to stop this reloading, we need to prevent the default behavior of the event.
And we can do it right here.
Let's.
Move this to a new line.
So we have this on click, sign up and adding semicolon.
Then we can access to the actual event and we can call it this events prevent default function so the
event won't be processed by the browser and it's not going to be ending up with the reload.
So let's save it and let's try it once again.
So clearing the console.
Let's fill the form.
A, b, c, c.
Hitting enter.
Now we only see this request.
Alternatively, instead of binding to this click event of the button, we can achieve this same functionality
for forms, submit events so we can do something like this.
We are going to bind to the submit event coming from the form and basically we will again use our sign
up on click sign up event listener and also we will again prevent the default behavior of this event
so that the result will not happen.
So just removing the click listener and let's save this.
Let's try it one more time.
Clearing the terminal a, b, c, c, enter.
And here we see the request is going.
So this was a bit complicated to demonstrate.
We did test first, so that's why I choose to implement the requirement directly.
Now, in this practice, we have seen the requirement and we implemented the functionality we are looking
for.
Next, we will add a test for this one.